she wants my crash balance now
submit then you want directly or
get out
No, I can do it the normal way
very good
and if you have a dress with this completely
isolated tire stop in the rain bin
I actually with one of the
worst car driver racer the
there are
michael peters all the time ok it
belongs to that normal year
rain sets a theme
you can also go around a bit
the curve
could happen but only eyes
for I have the eyes almost usually too
and he says
one calculates one is then that one says
20 less when it rains or you have a
little feeling in the first 23 curves
lay
why the scripts of that it was
john tripp that mature then to the
all became so durchgenudelt of
everyone has their 13 as he generally had
already little profile what in the rain website
it is definitely clear that we have the advantage
Let us surprise you
I drove here to the rain zurich
everything is new for me too
yes, when I get the subway
harmless or
there is not
how it works
no no
I can already say the route
has relative in the rain
as the
little grip
makes
did you use you endlessly
I'm better again
from the brake as well as I am great me
must götze in brad bitt
With
moment I do
in his car is more fun
I
minute
Jewish and storage
as this year ye ding
now finish
they had said ten around
No
now through
not with my husband
that was the best for me and the
Best or have been many guests
it while skiing that often when
Last departing leg breaks then thinks
Now I'm fully in control
the nervous sure
Thank you very much